release.md rename beta releases to next (#35276)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/releases.md

{@a previews}
### Preview releases

We let you preview what's coming by providing "Next" and Release Candidates (`rc`) pre-releases for each major and minor release:

* **Next:** The release that is under active development and testing. The next release is indicated by a release tag appended with the  `-next` identifier, such as  `8.1.0-next.0`.

* **Release candidate:** A release that is feature complete and in final testing. A release candidate is indicated by a release tag appended with the `-rc` identifier, such as version `8.1.0-rc.0`.

> The `next` and `rc` version of the documentation is available at [next.angular.io](https://next.angular.io).

Reviewer: Well...RCs are not deployed. Only `-next` and stable :grin:

> The `next` and `rc` version of the documentation is available at [next.angular.io](https://next.angular.io).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `next` and `rc` version of the documentation are both available at [next.angular.io](https://next.angular.io).
```

Author: not at the same time, which is what your change implies.

Author: I clarified it more

> The latest `next` or `rc` pre-release version of the documentation is available at [next.angular.io](https://next.angular.io).

Reviewer: FWIW, what I meant in https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/35276#discussion_r376927683 is that RCs are technically _NOT_ deployed anywhere.

Only the stable and master branches are deployed to `angular.io` and `next.angular.io`. Before we cut an RC, a new branch is created (so RCs are never cut from master). During RC periods, the stable branch is deployed to `angular.io` and master is deployed to `next.angular.io`. Master is close to the RC, but they are not necessarily identical.

(Probably not worth bothering with these details here (esp. given master will usually be close to the RC branch) - just clarifying what happens.)

* 1-3 minor releases for each major release

> * A patch release and pre-release (`next` and `rc`) builds almost every week

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A patch release and pre-release (`next` and `rc`) build almost every week
```

Author: sgtm
